H-2410: Add `Self-building database` HAI blog post (#4280)
hashintel/hash: apps/hashdotai/guide/05_workers/00_index.mdx

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Helping you with the hard stuff"
cover: https://hash.ai/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/EipKtqu98OotgfhvKf6Eew/f2b4136e-eecb-4427-e19e-1096b370ad00/public
metaTitle: "AI Workers in HASH"
metaDescription: "HASH Workers automatically plan and execute work, saving you time and money, improving quality, and helping you get more done"
sidebarTitle: "Overview"
sidebarIcon: https://app.hash.ai/icons/docs/ai-overview.svg
---

# Introduction

**Workers** are powerful AI agents built into HASH, which help answer your questions, and solve _goals_ you provide them with.

# Supported goals

Workers can solve your goals, by developing and managing the execution of [flows](/guide/flows). Currently, workers support research and analysis related tasks — for example, adding new entities to, or enriching existing entities within — your web, by autonomously researching topics and analyzing the collected information.

> Workers are able to search for and interpret information from the World Wide Web, as well as public entities from other [HASH webs](/guide/webs). As always, private information within both personal shared webs is inaccessible to anybody else (including other people's workers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers are able to search for and interpret information from the World Wide Web, as well as public entities from other [HASH webs](/guide/webs). As always, private information within both personal and shared webs is not accessible to anybody else (including other people's workers).
```

# Answering questions

> Workers can also help you understand topics with more expertise and in more detail than ordinary AI chatbots, by combining both their own knowledge, and access to the World Wide Web, with information from the public HASH web, and your own private webs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers can also help you understand topics with more expertise and in more detail than ordinary AI chatbots, by combining both their own knowledge, and access to the World Wide Web, with information from the public HASH web, and your own private webs. Answers are supplemented with references to the entity, webpage, or other context used in their production, so you can have more confidence in the underlying reasoning.
```
